accustom
everything indicates at least their wallets
candidate in this way gonzález
in the next elections
tonight we have also imitated pinascus here through the indiscreet window
p - in the city
the navarro club
said trust
I'm sure they tried to bother me a lot
in the telenovela or physical in the missive
in an interview I do
to josé lara in the newspaper perú 21
and if the sanction
Sara expressed talking with my family and with some friends my account and what
better than to take them out
weights these scholarships
recently threatened
and being a project
is threatened to presented today
then insulted at the highest level or things that happen to us to be worse
two pacifism of sanction
given his family wife of ai
the little cocker returns
speak very strongly with this campaign
this campaign
the opposition osasuna all gathered
the anchorwoman you all know
I'm not a candidate
you
it means
tula the rescue
up t cells
according to your intimates
we are a paper and
there's a lot of time
in the validity mind
zapata said
20 judgments or
igor leave was granted chivalry and that English decency
our behaviour
you take delinquent behavior
as ukraine you change
so hard
in which the boxes
eads
and they in as much the city council
starts
in violence
they have to take out those weapons and stronger to have consequences
I do not like that they put me in it, for example
in the Haitian capital
already in itself does not add
and cited the cited example
In addition pillar form enter your plant timely
really interesting
omar
these partners one year
part of your meat
they were going to be registered
they do not want to see their names because there is no history
so easy and good we have supposed a series
for being
percent yes because the party have to pay for unemployment
good results
the high part to the team of euros accompanies the year
soldiers among them
because we are going to correct we throw to goal the first with the Barcelona example
words and are in this way the bars give away the tickets
to understand bp
why are you
reverberi I know who does not
jerusalem 9
according to the website of usa tourism
and I feel the mayor the starters
scandalous of the river
malovic annotated
another collective scandal was no longer president
this desembalse
reselling labor
lion club
no other icon as active as I was in shaping with hamas
numerous points on the table with a meeting point
how to face
penal of the elections the widths
it will not be necessary
with the look are inside the club
in the bars
rehearsal to club associates
cross and as they pretend
the complaint also passions that to those ideas
josemi elections or
colo colo michael schmid
about him and his little missing
the electoral committee
rode
psoe there is a sun
the electoral committee
the standards and because there
pale criticism on my part was given according to josé bonaparte you did
your safety
we did not have one
if they really are embarrassing in solemn
and there is no higher income date there is no league if hill channel
maternal pd there is no middle name there are no causes of it
he does not take it for granted
and then yes no
I have a stick min 31
because in that state where there are more things like you
on the side of the stick
now and that the carpets are raised or found of everything
you are my immortal
they say they always met you
by the way